#S I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Love is not like pizza.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
#S When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
Tuesdays#Q are free if you bring a gnome costume.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
She was too short#Q to see over the fence.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
Don't step on the broken glass.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
Nobody loves a pig wea#Qring lipstick.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Patricia loves the so#Qund of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
I'm #S  a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
#Question She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
The father died during childbirth.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
He went back to the#Q video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
#Q Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me. #ping .
She could #S  hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
#Question She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
#Question He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.#ping 
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
He was #S disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
#Question She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
#ping He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
#wizz She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
#hello This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
Of course, #hello  she loves her pink bunny slippers.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
They wandered into #hello a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
She could hear him in the #hello shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
Don't step on the broken glass.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
Red is greener than #hello purple, for sure.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
his seven-layer #Q cake only had six layers.
If eating three-egg #S omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
She borrowed the #Qbook from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Love is not like pizza.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Flying fish few by #Q the space station.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
A purple pig and a green donkey #Q flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.